README.md, before:

# Sintezis Web Client

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Setup new project

```sh
git clone ssh://git@gitlab.sintezis.co:8022/sintezis/stacks/js/web.stack.js.git PROJECT_NAME
cd PROJECT_NAME
git remote rename origin upstream
git remote add origin PROJECT_URL
```

## Working with protos

Install dependencies:

```sh
brew install bufbuild/buf/buf
```

Log in to buf.build:

- create account on https://buf.build/
- request sintezis organization permissions
- create api token on https://buf.build/settings/user > `Create new token`
- copy token to use in the following command

```sh
buf registry login
```

Generate proto files:

- add project dependancy under buf/buf.yaml `deps`
- run the following command to generate proto files

```sh
make proto
```

## Setup local development

Install required extensions:

- volar: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar
- type support: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin
- prettier: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode
- eslint: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint

Install dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

Create .env file:

```sh
cp .env.example .env
```

Run development server:

```sh
npm run dev
```

## Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

Commit message:

Update the way proto files are built

README.md, after:

# Sintezis Web Client

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Setup new project

```sh
git clone ssh://git@gitlab.sintezis.co:8022/sintezis/stacks/js/web.stack.js.git PROJECT_NAME
cd PROJECT_NAME
git remote rename origin upstream
git remote add origin PROJECT_URL
```

## Working with protos

Install dependencies:

```sh
brew install bufbuild/buf/buf
```

Log in to buf.build:

- create account on https://buf.build/
- request sintezis organization permissions
- create api token on https://buf.build/settings/user > `Create new token`
- copy token to use in the following command

```sh
buf registry login
```

Generate proto files:

- alter the `buf generate` command under proto script in Makefile to include project proto definitions from buf.build repository e.g. `buf generate buf.build/sintezis/project:development`
- run the following command to generate proto files

```sh
make proto
```

## Setup local development

Install required extensions:

- volar: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar
- type support: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin
- prettier: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode
- eslint: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint

Install dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

Create .env file:

```sh
cp .env.example .env
```

Run development server:

```sh
npm run dev
```

## Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).
